We have seen in the previous lecture how to achieve 98 percent accuracy with the help of K nearest neighbor
classifier.
But there's a problem again that we don't use cross-validation we just had a simple data set and we
have split data these dataset into a training data set and a test data set usually 70 person for the
training data and certain person for the task data.
So it means that there can be some overfitting or some underfeeding.
This is why we have to use cross-validation.
OK so we are going to use cross-validation in order to find the optimal k value.
This optimal value is not going to have as good accuracy and precision as we have seen for any neighbors
close to 20 but it is going to be much more realistic because we use cross-validation.
OK.
So we are going to use the cross-validation scores and then we are going to make a simple iteration.
Basically we are going to consider k values from 1 up to 100.
So we are going to feed a K nearest neighbor classifier model where k is equal to 1 Dan in the next
iteration of where cazy goes to.
Then in the next iteration of where Casey goes is 3 up to 100.
So as you can see the number of neighbors is initialized to be the K index.
Then we get discourse with the hop of cross avows score it is imported from secret it learned that modal
selection.
This is what we have been discussing when dealing with logistic regression.
OK so we use a cross-fertilisation we decay an animal model who we the data features and the data target
we are going to use tan Ford and the scoring is going to be accuracy because we would like to select
the model with the highest accuracy and then we are going to mandate do this cross values scores data
structure.
Okay of course we have to deal with the mean of the scores.
So this is what we have been discussing that we split the data into K.
In this case the cazy close to tan and by the way this K so the number of folds is not the same as the
k Parent-Teacher for k nearest neighbor classifier.
OK so what's important that we are going to ever reach the results from this experience as far as cross-validation
is concerned.
So that's why we have to bend scores that mean we are going to deal with the average of the scores.
OK.
And then if we want to find the optimal k value which cross-validation we just have to get a D or a
max of this gross valid scores.
Basically this is why we store it in a data structure like this.
We are going to consider all the K paramita and DS K Peramivir is the number of neighbors as far as
k nearest neighbor classifier is concerned.
And then we just have to define the item with the maximum value because the higher the accuracy the
better the model.
Of course this is exactly what we are after.
So as you can see the optimal K-Ville you read cross-validation is 28.
So if we said the number of neighbors to 28 and reran the algorithm maybe the precision is not going
to be as high as we have seen in the previous lecture.
OK by the way it is a sort of accuracy with cross-validation is 98 person.
So we are able to use cross-validation in order to find the optimal k Peramivir as far as the number
of nearest neighbors are concerned for the KUNM classify your algorithm.
OK so this is how we saw that credit scoring read the map of nearest neighbor classifier and we can
come to the conclusion that it is a better model for this problem than logistic regression.
Thanks for watching.